Readme.md, before:

# Linguist
This is the repo for the training data for the multilingual bot.
Currently it supports training in Chinese, English and German. We are expanding its capacity to Spanish, and 8 other languages.

### Setup
`pip install rasa-x --extra-index-url https://pypi.rasa.com/simple`

`python setup.py install`





### Chinese NLP

### Usage:

Add intents and entities under `core/cn/`

Generate training phrases `npx chatito core/cn --format=rasa --outputPath=core/cn --trainingFileName=training_data.json`

Train the model `rasa train nlu --config configs/cn/rasa_config.yml --nlu ./core/cn/training_data.json`

Add proposed phrases with their corresponding intents and entities under `data/ground_truth_data_cn.json`

Test the model at the root of project directory `sh ./tests/cn/test.sh`. Wrong classifications are listed in `result/intent_errors.json`.

### Germain NLP
### Pretrained Model
https://deepset.ai/german-bert

Install `python -m spacy download de_trf_bertbasecased_lg`

### Usage:

Add intents and entities under `core/de/`

Generate training phrases `npx chatito core/de --format=rasa --outputPath=core/de --trainingFileName=training_data.json`

Train the model `rasa train nlu --config configs/de/rasa_config.yml --nlu ./core/de/training_data.json`

Add proposed phrases with their corresponding intents and entities under `data/ground_truth_data_de.json`

Test the model at the root of project directory `sh ./tests/de/test.sh`. Wrong classifications are listed in `result/intent_errors.json`


### English NLP Training

Add intents and entities under `core/en/`
Update configs/en/rasa_config.yml if neccessary 

Generate training phrases `npx chatito core/en --format=rasa --formatOptions=./core/en/rasaOptions.json --outputPath=core/en --trainingFileName=training_data.json`

Train the model `rasa train nlu --config configs/en/rasa_config.yml --nlu ./core/en/training_data.json`

Add proposed phrases with their corresponding intents and entities under `data/ground_truth_data_en.json`

Test the model at the root of project directory `sh ./tests/en/test.sh`. Wrong classifications are listed in `result/intent_errors.json`

### Enlish NLU Notes

Intents
    shop
        -availablity
        -compare
        -find.dealers
        -inventory
        -list.models
        -list.trims
        -request.price
        -request.spec
        -whatis.spec
        -request.testDrive
        -request.images
        -order
    owner
        -request.service

### notes on specs

Commit message:

added orders intents, and ground truth, etc

Readme.md, after:

# Linguist
This is the repo for the training data for the multilingual bot.
Currently it supports training in Chinese, English and German. We are expanding its capacity to Spanish, and 8 other languages.

### Setup
`pip install rasa-x --extra-index-url https://pypi.rasa.com/simple`

`python setup.py install`





### Chinese NLP

### Usage:

Add intents and entities under `core/cn/`

Generate training phrases `npx chatito core/cn --format=rasa --outputPath=core/cn --trainingFileName=training_data.json`

Train the model `rasa train nlu --config configs/cn/rasa_config.yml --nlu ./core/cn/training_data.json`

Add proposed phrases with their corresponding intents and entities under `data/ground_truth_data_cn.json`

Test the model at the root of project directory `sh ./tests/cn/test.sh`. Wrong classifications are listed in `result/intent_errors.json`.

### Germain NLP
### Pretrained Model
https://deepset.ai/german-bert

Install `python -m spacy download de_trf_bertbasecased_lg`

### Usage:

Add intents and entities under `core/de/`

Generate training phrases `npx chatito core/de --format=rasa --outputPath=core/de --trainingFileName=training_data.json`

Train the model `rasa train nlu --config configs/de/rasa_config.yml --nlu ./core/de/training_data.json`

Add proposed phrases with their corresponding intents and entities under `data/ground_truth_data_de.json`

Test the model at the root of project directory `sh ./tests/de/test.sh`. Wrong classifications are listed in `result/intent_errors.json`


### English NLP Training

Add intents and entities under `core/en/`
Update configs/en/rasa_config.yml if neccessary 

Generate training phrases `npx chatito core/en --format=rasa --formatOptions=./core/en/rasaOptions.json --outputPath=core/en --trainingFileName=training_data.json`

Train the model `rasa train nlu --config configs/en/rasa_config.yml --nlu ./core/en/training_data.json`

Add proposed phrases with their corresponding intents and entities under `data/ground_truth_data_en.json`

Cross validate the model at the root of project directory `sh ./tests/en/test.sh`. Model evaluation results are listed in `result/intent_errors.json`

Test the model at the root of project directory `sh ./tests/en/test-ground_truth.sh`. Wrong classifications are listed in `result/intent_errors.json`

### Enlish NLU Notes

Intents
    shop
        -availablity
        -compare
        -find.dealers
        -inventory
        -list.models
        -list.trims
        -request.price
        -request.spec
        -whatis.spec
        -request.testDrive
        -request.images
        -order
    owner
        -request.service

### notes on specs
